Add playwright create/login test for all db (#4369)
dani-garcia/vaultwarden: test/scenarios/README.md

> # OpenID Keycloak scenarios

Author: O yes some leftover I missed sorry,

> This allow to run integration testss using [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows running integration tests using [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/).
```

\

> It use it's own [test.env](/test/scenarios/test.env) with different ports to not collide with a running dev instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses its own [test.env](/test/scenarios/test.env) with different ports to not collide with a running dev instance.
```
